RSDK 3310: Multiple Odrives for both Serial and CAN communication (#7)
viam-labs/odrive: README.md

# Odrive S1 Modular Component

## Getting Started

> * See the [odrive documentation](https://docs.odriverobotics.com/v/latest/getting-started.html) on how to configure and tune your motor properly. Once your Odrive is configured once, the configuration will stay the same across reboots.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* See the [odrive documentation](https://docs.odriverobotics.com/v/latest/getting-started.html) on how to configure and tune your motor properly. The configuration remains on the same ODrive motor controller across reboots, and only changes when you go through the configuration of the ODrive again.
```

Maybe more words here :D

      "namespace": "rdk",
      "attributes": {
        "canbus_node_id": 0,

>         "connection_type": "canbus"

Reviewer: [nit] did this change because of a rebase?

Author: no I just added it because I thought `connection_type` was a required config attribute but I just looked back at the scope and it's not? don't know if I made that up but I'll change it. And I removed `odrive_config_file` from the example to emphasize how optional it is
